feat(curriculum): add workshop python functions (#68279)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-kitchen-inventory-tracker/6a3e4ae26f2b7e4b5b026cf8.md

---
id: 6a3e4ae26f2b7e4b5b026cf8
title: Step 2
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-2
---

# --description--

Now it's time to create a recipe (a function) to check what you have in your kitchen. In Python, functions are defined using the `def` keyword. 

> Define an empty function named `take_inventory()`. Use the `pass` keyword inside the function body for now so that Python doesn't throw a syntax error.

Reviewer: An example on how to define a function should be included here.

# --hints--

You should define a function named `take_inventory`.

```js
({
  test: () => assert(

>     runPython(`_Node(_code).find_function("take_inventory")`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    runPython(`_Node(_code).has_function("take_inventory")`)
```

the `has_` method returns a boolean, please use them in these cases

Reviewer 2: this still need to be addressed

---
id: 6a3e4ae26f2b7e4b5b026cf8
title: Step 2
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-2
---

# --description--

> Time to create a function to check what you have in your kitchen. In Python, you define functions using the def keyword, followed by the function name, parentheses `()`, and a colon `:`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time to create a function to check what you have in your kitchen. In Python, you define functions using the `def` keyword, followed by the function name, parentheses `()`, and a colon `:`.
```

> Now it's time to create a function to check what you have in your kitchen. In Python, functions are defined using the `def` keyword, followed by the function name, parentheses `()`, and a colon `:`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time to create a function to check what you have in your kitchen. In Python, you define functions using the def keyword, followed by the function name, parentheses `()`, and a colon `:`.
```

> Here is an example of defining a simple function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of how to define a simple function:
```
